README.md, before:

The Bark.us Partner Integration
==============================

![Bark Logo](https://www.bark.us/bark-logo-sm.png)

Welcome to the Bark.us Partner Integration documentation. Looking to
integration your existing product with Bark? You've come to the right place!

How does it work?
-----------------

Within a product/service that wants to offer Bark's services to their customers, this
integration offers the partner to setup single button/links allowing the user
of their product/service the ability to sign up for Bark with their current
email. While there is some additional configuration in Bark for a parent and
their children (e.g. connection social media accounts, emails, etc.), going
through this integration will make signup 1-click, and also allow us to
associate the signup to your company.

For example, during registration within your product/service, you might offer a
checkbox or link offering Bark registration and the benefits.

The signup API endpoints below are configured such that they can also be used
within the site if the user has already registered. If that's the case, the
user will be authenticated as their existing account and redirected to their
Bark dashboard, allowing you to use it the same link within your
product/service's dashboard or profile.

Making a request
----------------

All URLs start with `https://www.bark.us/api/v1/partners`. **HTTPS only**.
If we change the API in backward-incompatible ways, we'll bump the version
marker and maintain stable support for the old URLs.

Authentication
--------------

As part of your integration, you'll be given a `token` and `secret`. The token
will be included as a query string parameter, while the `secret` will be used
to sign the request.

_Note: Your `secret` should be kept secure at all times.
Do not share this Secret with anyone, do not include it in JavaScript code or a mobile client.
We're happy to reset your `secret` to a new value at any time, if you
suspect that it was leaked._

Request Signing
---------------

```
string to sign: endpoint|key1=value1|key2=value2|...

Parameter name: signature
Parameter value: signed token with your Secret using the SHA256 hash algorithm
```

string to sign: API endpoint appended with a concatenation of all key/value pairs of your
request parameters, sorted by key in ascending order.
Each key/value pair is separated by the pipe character.

The signature describes the hex representation of a RFC 2104-compliant HMAC with
the SHA256 hash algorithm, using the API endpoint, your request parameters and
your `secret`. Most programming languages provide the tools to create
such a signature. Here are some examples to get you started.

#### Python

```python
# -*- coding: UTF-8 -*-
import hmac
from hashlib import sha256

def generate_signature(endpoint, params, secret):
    sig = endpoint
    for key in sorted(params.keys()):
        sig += '|%s=%s' % (key, params[key])
    return hmac.new(secret, sig, sha256).hexdigest()
```

#### Ruby

```ruby
require 'openssl'
require 'base64'

def generate_signature(endpoint, params, secret)
  string_to_sign = endpoint

  Hash[params.sort_by { |k, v| k }].each do |k, v|
    string_to_sign += "|%s=%s" % [k, v]
  end

  digest = OpenSSL::Digest::Digest.new('sha256')
  OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(digest, secret, string_to_sign)
end
```

#### PHP

```php
<?php
function generate_signature($endpoint, $params, $secret) {
  $sig = $endpoint;
  ksort($params);
  foreach ($params as $key => $val) {
    $sig .= "|$key=$val";
  }
  return hash_hmac('sha256', $sig, $secret, false);
}
?>
```

### Request Example

Partner Token: `XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n`

Partner Secret: `M6Atnz1rEAARBJ8G`

Endpoint: `/signup`

Parameters:
- pk: `a4afed11-06cb-4f59-9522-82932e16c5d5`
- email: `me@example.com`
- token: `XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n`

With the endpoint and parameters above, the signature would be:

`signature` : `6f469b342bf6dca4213ab3093d885199ded0d7eca162823c5c2e76487eb38931`

The final request with the params above would be:

`GET`
`https://www.bark.us/api/v1/partners/signup?pk=a4afed11-06cb-4f59-9522-82932e16c5d5&email=me%40example.com&token=XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n&signature=6f469b342bf6dca4213ab3093d885199ded0d7eca162823c5c2e76487eb38931`

_Note: The `email` parameter needs to be encoded in the request URL.
The email address should **NOT** be encoded when generating the signature._

API endpoints
-------------
- [Signup](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/blob/master/signup.md)

Support
-------

If you have a specific feature request or if you found a bug, [please open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/issues). We encourage forking these docs for local reference, and will happily accept pull request with agreed improvements.

Alternatively, you can reach us via email at <help@bark.us>.

Commit message:

Add children partner endpoint to documentation

README.md, after:

The Bark.us Partner Integration
==============================

![Bark Logo](https://www.bark.us/bark-logo-sm.png)

Welcome to the Bark.us Partner Integration documentation. Looking to
integration your existing product with Bark? You've come to the right place!

How does it work?
-----------------

Within a product/service that wants to offer Bark's services to their customers, this
integration offers the partner to setup single button/links allowing the user
of their product/service the ability to sign up for Bark with their current
email. While there is some additional configuration in Bark for a parent and
their children (e.g. connection social media accounts, emails, etc.), going
through this integration will make signup 1-click, and also allow us to
associate the signup to your company.

For example, during registration within your product/service, you might offer a
checkbox or link offering Bark registration and the benefits.

The [Signup API](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/blob/master/signup.md)
are configured such that they can also be used
even if the user is already registered on Bark. If that's the case, the
user will be authenticated as their existing account and redirected to their
Bark dashboard, allowing you to use it the same link within your
product/service's dashboard or profile.

Making a request
----------------

All URLs start with `https://www.bark.us/api/v1/partners`. **HTTPS only**.
If we change the API in backward-incompatible ways, we'll bump the version
marker and maintain stable support for the old URLs.

Authentication
--------------

There are two ways to authenticate -- each endpoint will designate which means
of authentication is required.

The first requires an access token (we'll refer to this as "token
authentication") for which you can supply in 2 ways when
communicating with the API:

1. Provide the `X-Token-Auth` header with the value being your integration token
2. Include the query string param `token` (ie. `https://partner.bark.us/api/v1/partners/children?token=mysecrettoken`)

The second involves both a `token` and `secret` to produce a signed request --
we'll refer to this as "request signing authentication".  The token
will be included as a query string parameter, while the `secret` will be used
to sign the request.

_Note: Your `secret` should be kept secure at all times.
Do not share this Secret with anyone, do not include it in JavaScript code or a mobile client.
We're happy to reset your `secret` to a new value at any time, if you
suspect that it was leaked._

Request Signing
---------------

```
string to sign: endpoint|key1=value1|key2=value2|...

Parameter name: signature
Parameter value: signed token with your Secret using the SHA256 hash algorithm
```

string to sign: API endpoint appended with a concatenation of all key/value pairs of your
request parameters, sorted by key in ascending order.
Each key/value pair is separated by the pipe character.

The signature describes the hex representation of a RFC 2104-compliant HMAC with
the SHA256 hash algorithm, using the API endpoint, your request parameters and
your `secret`. Most programming languages provide the tools to create
such a signature. Here are some examples to get you started.

#### Python

```python
# -*- coding: UTF-8 -*-
import hmac
from hashlib import sha256

def generate_signature(endpoint, params, secret):
    sig = endpoint
    for key in sorted(params.keys()):
        sig += '|%s=%s' % (key, params[key])
    return hmac.new(secret, sig, sha256).hexdigest()
```

#### Ruby

```ruby
require 'openssl'
require 'base64'

def generate_signature(endpoint, params, secret)
  string_to_sign = endpoint

  Hash[params.sort_by { |k, v| k }].each do |k, v|
    string_to_sign += "|%s=%s" % [k, v]
  end

  digest = OpenSSL::Digest::Digest.new('sha256')
  OpenSSL::HMAC.hexdigest(digest, secret, string_to_sign)
end
```

#### PHP

```php
<?php
function generate_signature($endpoint, $params, $secret) {
  $sig = $endpoint;
  ksort($params);
  foreach ($params as $key => $val) {
    $sig .= "|$key=$val";
  }
  return hash_hmac('sha256', $sig, $secret, false);
}
?>
```

### Request Example

Partner Token: `XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n`

Partner Secret: `M6Atnz1rEAARBJ8G`

Endpoint: `/signup`

Parameters:
- pk: `a4afed11-06cb-4f59-9522-82932e16c5d5`
- email: `me@example.com`
- token: `XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n`

With the endpoint and parameters above, the signature would be:

`signature` : `6f469b342bf6dca4213ab3093d885199ded0d7eca162823c5c2e76487eb38931`

The final request with the params above would be:

`GET`
`https://www.bark.us/api/v1/partners/signup?pk=a4afed11-06cb-4f59-9522-82932e16c5d5&email=me%40example.com&token=XdJihWNXYbaLzK4n&signature=6f469b342bf6dca4213ab3093d885199ded0d7eca162823c5c2e76487eb38931`

_Note: The `email` parameter needs to be encoded in the request URL.
The email address should **NOT** be encoded when generating the signature._

API endpoints
-------------
- [Signup](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/blob/master/signup.md)
- [Children](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/blob/master/children.md)

Support
-------

If you have a specific feature request or if you found a bug, [please open a GitHub issue](https://github.com/Bark-us/partner-integration-docs/issues). We encourage forking these docs for local reference, and will happily accept pull request with agreed improvements.

Alternatively, you can reach us via email at <help@bark.us>.
